# BACK PAGE CREDITS – PARTNER ORGANISATIONS

**KAPITAL MOVIE**
is a Juba based grass-roots film, art, design, and entertainment training initiative. The Virtual Academy is a key activity of the KAPITAL Movie collective, an independent group of young designers, filmmakers, IT professionals and artists. Tapping the hopes, aspirations and dedication to create a new future beyond conflict they have come together to address the acute post- independence social, political, educational and environmental challenges arising from decades of civil war, with an urgent need to pro-actively strengthen and amplify the voice of youth seeking to eradicate the senseless violence that has gripped the country from within. kapitalmovie.net

**icebauhaus** is the German partner in the international icehubs-network of green-tech & social innovation hubs, geared towards a bottom-up strategy that combines both local and international trends with state-of-the-art technological developments. icebauhaus’ work is primarily project-based and community oriented. The members are experts in various academic disciplines, entrepreneurs and generalists with a great deal of background experience in international cooperation. Main expertise and experiences: ICT in agriculture [ICT4ag], experimental building & low-cost housing, techhubs, maker spaces and innovation networks.icebauhaus.com

**r0g_agency** for open culture and critical transformation focuses on actual practice and projects embedded in communities. Its network aims to influence policy from the ground up, to inform and create better policy outcomes, extend networks and support – bringing together arts, culture, open development, civil society and transparence. r0g_agency’s work taps into the power and breadth of contemporary free and public domain resources including open educational resources [OERs], free open source software [FOSS] and hardware, open data and open knowledge repositories. openculture.agency

**#ASKnet** is funded by the German Federal Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ) through its programme of “Support for Media, Access to Information and Freedom of Expression”. bmz.de/en

Step-Up project mentors, curators and workshop facilitators: Clemens Lerche (Berlin)
Ahmed Bastawi (Alexandria) / Markos Lemma (Addis Ababa) / Mugethi Gitau (Nairobi) / Stephen Kovats (Berlin) / Rafiq Copeland (Juba) / Timm Wille (Berlin) / Sheilah Birgen (Nairobi) / Evans Campbell (Nairobi) / Eva Yayi Mawa (Juba) / Eng-Lual Michael Mayen (Juba) / Kudzai Mumbaiwa (Harare) / Viola Abango (Wau) / Daryl Lukas (Lusaka) / Rayna Stamboliyska (Paris)
